After more than 30 years, she now comes to the streets the sixth generation of the
Jetta from the house Volkswagen a middle class car in Germany
more than exotic can be called that looks international but very different
So far, Volkswagen has built over nine point 6 million Jetta
for our beautiful compact segment for even one of our most important
Vehicles especially for the notchback markets
like here in the United States or even in China quite a whole
important car
and which by the 4 of course in the United States alone for 50
percent
our cocoa volume here in this country brand Volkswagen
and III USA are such a significant market for this model
Volkswagen is organizing its international presentation in San
Francisco journalists from all over the world can visit the Californian metropolis
that vehicles are put through their paces
Result The new generation of the Jetta is anything but a facelift this
is a completely new model on its own and not a variant
of the tried and true gold
bigger comfortable dynamic with a completely new design so
now also presents the new Schlatter
It was built in Germany and is built exclusively in Mexico
we have
Chatter the sixth generation of the proportions significantly stretched at the
Wheelbase extended
When you see how beautiful in the width of the vehicles now in length
the proportions I think that I am here by design a vehicle what
I think this brand has a very big chance
in the interior, the new Jetta shows in a completely new guise
it is visibly over
the big round instruments are easy to read
everything Ebner now looks more than if a middle-class vehicles suspect
would like to
Under the hood come in the US initially two well-tried gasoline
Suction engines with two and two and a half liters displacement are used
"In Europe we will use exclusively the engines of Pilsen on the
or would drive
Expose Hans Pum second tdi engines
Of course we will also the equipment
say times to adjust the German market percent
because the new Jetta will come on the market in Germany in January
Due to the other specifications it will not be as cheap as in
to be with the US
The starting price starts at just 16 thousand dollars, ie 3 tens of thousands of euros